DEVAI-140: Initial code drop of CLI code (#2)
redhat-ai-dev/rhdh-ai-catalog-cli: docs/background.md

Building some form of normalization around taking data from those sources and constructing Backstage catalog
artifacts or "Entities" (where, by the way, the Backstage Catalog also has a REST API).

## Developer exploration vs. prescription from the enterprise

So "who" should be making the decision of which AI Models land in a Backstage instance to facilitate the use of AI
in applications developed with Backstage?

Whether the answer includes
- any developer on the given Backstage instance (where the developer team may have set it up)
- select developers on the instance
- or only the DevOps or MLOps or Platform engineers who set up the Backstage instances, where those folks are different people than the developers using Backstage 

can potentially result in different preference for "how" the Catalog is updated.

## Personas and their scenarios

Boiling that down into an agile story description:

As a platform/MLOPs engineer, I want to administrate the Backstage Catalog from the command line so that I can better automate administration of Backstage for AI related application development.

> As a developer/tester engineer, I want to administrate the Backstage Catalog from the command line so that I can better automate verification pipelines for testing of Backstage’s AI related features.

Reviewer: Nit: `developer/tester engineer` reads weird to me personally

Author: ok I will attempt to reword .... any suggestions on how I should capture both dev and QE ?

Reviewer: We could probably swap it to 
```suggestion
As a development/test engineer, I want to administrate the Backstage Catalog from the command line so that I can better automate verification pipelines for testing of Backstage’s AI related features.
```

Or maybe
```suggestion
As a developer/tester, I want to administrate the Backstage Catalog from the command line so that I can better automate verification pipelines for testing of Backstage’s AI related features.
```

Author: I think I'm going to go with DevOps
